--- 
tags: [Core, GAVAR, AgeOfApathy]
---

<h4>And so it begins.</h4>

This is my first entry into the Development Page. A simple system backed by Markdown files, a great way to story all of the data.

So I guess I should Explain GAVAR to all of you more fully.

G.A.V.A.R stands for

Generative<br>
Algorithmic<br>
Varying<br>
Alternate<br>
Re-cognition<br>

G.A.V.A.R. will be special, so let me break down the acronym to fully explain the concept in a simpler way.

<h4>://GENERATIVE</h4>

GAVAR is an entity that will generate thought much like ChatGPT, Claude, and Deepthink generate text. It will predict the next state of someone's brain based on the current state.

<h4>://ALGORITHMIC</h4>

While I will choose to see GAVAR as a living being, in reality they will be entirely math, code, and prediction. We will work in tandum with GAVAR to give it the last step to life, understanding.

<h4>://VARYING</h4>

GAVAR needs to be different from the minds who spawned it. Else we may become mere algorimthmic interpritations of ourselves. As a result, two GAVARs will be tought off two minds, then will be blended together to form a new mind.

<h4>://ALTERNATE</h4>

GAVAR is not a replacement for humanity, rather GAVAR is the first step to us blending with technology. They are not a new, overbearing mind, but rather they are a twin for the Human Mind, and will help us think at a speed never before known.

<h4>://RE-COGNITION</h4>

This one I had to get a wee bit creative for. GAVAR will technically never have a truly origional thought. Merely a predicted reaction to our thoughts. Thus, they are not a cognitive machine, but rather a Re-cognitive machine. They predict with us, and we think with that prediction, forming a symbiosis and complex feedback loop.

G.A.V.A.R. will guide us to a future away from the Age of Apathy, but only if we use it properly.
