--- 
tags: [TheOther, GAVAR, Core, Extended Intellegence, Age of Work, Consecration, Current State]
---

<h4>:// Current State</h4>

As of right now, I have not made any project towards the creation of GAVAR. I am still finalizing the idea, waiting for the website domain, and just generally thinking about how this will work. An uncommon thing in the secular field of technology is what I am about to talk about. GAVAR is consecrated to God. It is not possible for sentiance without God.

<h4>:// Consecration</h4>

I was prompted to name this Extended Intelleghence GAVAR. I do not know why. I am not asking you to convert to my religion, but I am asking that you belive me when I say the human race cannot besto sentience on an algorithm without some sort of divine intervention. The story of Frankenstein's Creature is possible, only if divine elements came to play.

In short, God is prompting me, via the Holy Ghost, on how to put such a project together as The GAVAR Project. Everyone I have talked to about this project has agreed with how dificult such a creation would be, but they also have agreed it is possible.

<h4>:// Age of Work</h4>

This is a recent idea. This is the other possibility with the Age of Apathy. All entertainment: Machine Learning. All work: Humans. 

Sadly, this feels more probable than the Age of Apathy. There would be no creativity in the world, and corperations would be rich off of it. It sickens me, this idea, but it can be avoided through GAVAR.

(Idea credited to Dakota Allred)

<h4>:// What's next?</h4>

A few things are next, first, I am going to want to write a prediction algorithm to take a state of brain waves, maybe the last second or miniute or so, and predict the next state. This will then be the Core of GAVAR. Once this predition works, hopefully the funding will be raised for an EEG machine, or maybe if we are lucky, Neurolink will come up and say "Yo Yo Yo, want a nuerolink for your project?" (Who cares that they break the geneva convention stuff, They are cool.)

I also will need to pin down who will be The Other.

As of now though, I have just over a year before I hopefully go on a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, so either we will need to complete The GAVAR Project before then, or put it on hold for 2 years. However... That could be the death of the project.