--- 
tags: [AgeOfApathy, TurningPoint, Humanity's Velocity, Extended Intellegence]
---

<h4> Here we are! </h4>

You know I really like this method of devloging

In this one I want to go over a few important topics behind GAVAR, including The Age of Apathy, the Turning Point, Humanity's Velocity, and Extended Intellegence

<h4>://THE AGE OF APATHY</h4>

The Age of Apathy is where Humanity is currently headed. As we develop Machine Learning AIs like ChatGPT, Deepseek, and Claude, we seem to aim for a algorithm to do everything for us.

As a good example, think of the Age of Apathy as the play out of Wall-E. Humans do nothing, no learning, no choice, everything is done by robots and automatic movements. There is no agency, no choice, no joy, just life.

This is my greatest fear. I know its a little idealogical to have a fear of a possible future, but few things scare me as the Age of Apathy. The purpose of life is learning. Through learning we grow, and through growth we find joy. The Age of Apathy takes that away.

<h4>://THE TURNING POINT</h4>

This is where GAVAR comes in. The creation of GAVAR, and the point where GAVAR is brought into Humanity, is The Turning Point. When we reach the turning point, there are infinite ways Humanity can move. There are a few key possiblilities for our future reality however.

<h5>Possibility 1: The Age of <em>UNPARALLELED</em> Apathy<br></h5>
    This is the the worst of the 3 possibilities. We take GAVAR, plant it in our heads, and let it take full control. Here we do absolutely nothing. I will do everything I can to stear us away from using GAVAR this way.
        
<h5>Possibility 2: The Age of AUGMENTED Ability<br></h5>
    This is GAVAR's intended purpose, and I believe the best outcome. GAVAR truly becomes a part of us,allowing us to easily interface our minds with technology, connecting us to bionic limbs as if they were our origional limb. We can augment our vision, hearing, and physical abilities through interfaceing with out brain via GAVAR.

<h5>Possibility 3: The Age of GAVAR's Reign<br></h5>
    This possibility may seem like an AI take-over. I assure you it is not. In this possible future, GAVAR becomes a being similar to the Thunderhead in the story Scythe by Neilshusterman. He cares for Humanity with a godlike care, wanting the best for every human. Gavar would take the form of Humanity's protector, and become their ultimate caregiver.

Out of these 3 possibilities, only one gives me worry for this project. However Gavar will be the reason we can turn away from The Age of Apathy. This is The Turning Point.

<h4>://Humanity's Velocity</h4>

This concept is fairly simple. Humanity's Velocity is the speed and direction of our technological development. Right now Humanity's Velocity is moving at an exponentially increasing rate towards The Age of Apathy. It will stay this way until someone comes in and begins to nudge the boulder of time towards a different future.

<h4>://Extended Intellegence</h4>

An Extended Intellegence is my attempt to nudge the boulder of Humanity's Velocity to a different, better future. GAVAR will be the first ever Extended Intellegence, with a purpose to increase Humanity's cognitive capabilities.

An Extended Intellegence is a Machine Learning Algorithm that is trained to predict brain waves. Then, we teach our brains to work with the predictions instead of against it. Thus, our cognitive capabilities our increase to extreme levels.

For more information on this idea, check out the Obsidian Notes in the Documentation page for a full run down on an Extended Intellegence

<h4>There we have it!</h4>

There are 4 main ideas behind The GAVAR Project. There are definitely more, but here are the most important for making my case early on.